Welcome back.
In this, we are going to be seeing another the concept of production leaving our Web backbone, and
that is the concept of shaming.
Now, if you're using some old libraries, this is going to be very helpful for you.
So let's first explore what is this concept all about?
So for example, let's suppose I have a library called as animate ideas and it has a function called
as animate.
Now by default, what the libraries used to be doing is they're just going to be referencing some external
library through some symbols of example, we are referencing the equity, using the dollar symbol,
and then we say dot item to fetch some maybe element on the DOM.
And if this element is not found on your window object, all the application is going to break.
So generally they would mention in the documentation that, hey, you need to be going and importing
the script in your mail file, and once descriptors loaded in the mail, it's automatically going to
bind the symbol on your window object just like this, and then it's going to be used in the animate
function.
So this was the concept generally.
Now how would you implement something like this using the pack?
How would you get this dollar symbol implemented?
Now, just to give you a showcase, our current application already uses the equity.
And if you just go to your console and type in here as Windows dot dollar, we can see that we are returned
with a function.
This denotes that the equity is binded.
Similar thing we can also do for underscore.
So this will give us the load library, which is again bind it on the window object.
Okay, let's take another library since these two already bind it.
And what are we using?
The example of moment?
Let's go to our code base and I've already created a folder called Assuming in which you're going to
be seeing this example.
So for that, let's go ahead and first install this moment library.
So I'll just clear of the console and say npm install save moment.
So that's amore and me and be okay.
So what is this library about is basically used for formatting the data.
So we do not really need to go into the implementation argument, but we are just going to be using
a small function from it.
Let's open up the source folder and open up the libs in the loop.
So I'm going to be creating a new file.
Let's call this as sure date dot G's.
I'm going to be exporting our function from here.
So I would say export function sure did.
And we also are going to be importing movement for now.
So let's say import and from moment.
So that's more immunity.
Now, what I can do here is I can say console log and here I see amante.
And this thing basically takes in a data object so I can say new date and then I can say after this
DART format and we are going to be formatting it as D.D. and.
Mm.
Why?
Why, why?
Okay.
So don't worry about the implementation.
Just make sure that you have this index proper so that the code works as expected.
Okay, we have this exported function.
Should it?
Let's go to the index dogs and get this imported.
So on the top I'll say import and the calibrations from dot slash.
Lives are shorted and the function is also shorted.
Okay.
Now, if I just try to execute the function right here, so I'll say showed it right here.
A We should be seeing the console dialog in the output, so let's save that and run our back.
So by saying NPM, run, serve, so that should start of our solar and we should be seeing the output
in the console.
Let me open up my console here and that's right here.
And we can see that we have the output after this date.
Okay.
So things are working pretty well.
But just imagine, as I showed in the earlier case, we do not have this import statement.
We're using some legacy library and this is not there.
So if I don't have that in there and just try to see if this file and if I go back to my browser, we
can see that the moment is not defined and this is as expected.
Now, how do we fix this?
In general, we are going to be opening some external library and trying to modify that, right?
So we are not going to be really doing that now to make sure that this library has the expected library.
So it expects to empty object.
So to provide that, we can go to our web backfill.
So I'll just move on to my Webpack that's right here.
And we're going to be adding some additional configurations here.
Now, what we do here is we are going to be using the concept of provide plugin.
So provide plugin is provided by default by Webpack.
So since it's a plugin, we can just minimize this modules and we can add plugins right here.
It doesn't really matter if you add it at the top or the bottom, it should just be there in some place.
So in here we'll say new and this time the plugin is going to be imported directly from Webpack.
So let's go on top and we will be needing the Webpack library itself.
So second that back.
Equals to required.
And that's that back right there.
Okay.
Now, once we have that back important, we can just go to our plugins and then we'll see that back
dart.
Provide a plug in.
So this is something built into Webpack and let's see how we can be using this provide plugin.
So again, it's going to be a function with an object inside for configuration.
And in the configuration we need to be specifying what are we trying to provide.
So in our case we are providing something called as a guarantee.
So that was the object that library was looking for.
And we have already installed a library that was moment, so we need to be pointing to that.
So I would say we had us moment.
Now make sure that this name should match as what has been installed in your packages.
And so in our package or Jason, we have this name Heroes moment and that is matching the name over
here and this can be any name that you want to be providing.
Okay, that's done.
Let me just fix this and save my file.
As usual, we need to be starting off our deficit once again.
So let's say NPM run.
So, okay, let's just give that a second.
Our browser opens up and let's check out what's happening here.
Let me right click and see inspect.
And if I go to the console, we can see that our plugin is working once again.
It's able to resolve that MMP, which was not found earlier, and that's exactly how we're going to
be resolving or modifying the global level exports that are required by some of those legacy libraries.
The same concept can also be applied for equity.
So for example, if I had another provide plugin, I can just put all we had as dollar and then let's
suppose I had equity in here.
So what I can do in that case, I can just go to my let's suppose indexed charges and I can actually
get rid of the equity itself.
So I can get rid of the equity in here and I can also get rid of the equity import that was there in
quarters.
So let's get rid of that here as well just to make sure I'll go back to my file and that's right there.
Now, since we have made some modifications in our Webpack file, we need to be starting of this once
again.
So let's NPM run stuff and we can see that our page is working as before.
Now, if I just go down, if I just try to use the email, address those, type in and see subscribe,
and if I just resize by browser as well, you can see that I have got the error message printed here
and this works basically on the equity.
So we are sure that the equity library is not working as expected.
Okay.
So that's about skimming and how you can be using it if you are facing some issues regarding things
such as the symbol is not defined in the browser.